---
title: New in 10.9 API 
description: >-
---

# New in 10.9 API 

Package|Name|Type
--|--|--
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IComputeChangeFunctionArguments2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IMensurationFactory | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IMultidimensionalDataset4 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IRasterServiceHelper3 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IScientificDataBuilder2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|MensurationFactory | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|RasterSensorMensuration | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|esriComputeChangeKeepMethod | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|esriComputeChangeUseColorMethod | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|GlobalIDSet | Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IAngleDirectedLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IAssociationObject2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IBaseNetworkAssociation2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IBaseNetworkLocation | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IBaseNetworkTopology2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ICompressionLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IDEBaseNetwork2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IDatabaseConnectionInfo5 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IDiagramDataset | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IDiagramTemplate | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumDiagramTemplate | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumGUIDSet | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagram | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramAggregation | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramContainer | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramEdge | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramFlag | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramJunction | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IEnumNetworkDiagramRelation | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IForceDirectedLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IGUIDSet | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IGeoPositionsLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IGlobalIDSet | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IGridLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IIndexedGUIDSets | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ILinearDispatchLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IMainLineTreeLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IMainRingLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IMarkCrossingEdgesLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagram | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagramCustomEdit | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagramEdit | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagramFlags | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagramInfo | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkDiagramLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkElementSet | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|INetworkTraceConfiguration | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IPartialOverlappingEdgesLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IRadialTreeLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IReduceVerticesByAngleLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IReduceVerticesLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IRelativeMainlineLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IRotateTreeLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ISeparateOverlappingEdgesLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ISmartTreeLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ISpatialDispatchLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ISquareEdgesLayout | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ITableUpsert | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ITier2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|ITracer2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IUNTraceConfiguration2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IUpsertCursor | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IUtilityNetworkQueryTracer2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IVersionEdit5 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|IVersionEdit6 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|NetworkElementSet | Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|TNTracerService | Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriAssociationDirtyStatusFilter | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriAssociationErrorStatusFilter | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriAssociationTraversalDirection | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriAssociationTraversalType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriDiagramAccessType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriDiagramAggregationType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriDiagramConsistencyState | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriDiagramExtendType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriDiagramFlagType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutBranchPlacementType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutDegreeOfFreedom | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutEdgesType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutHierarchicalType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutJunctionsPlacement | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutMainRingType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutMarkCrossingPosition | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutNumberOfDirection | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutTreeDirection | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriLayoutVertexRemovalRule | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriNetworkRepairType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriNetworkValidationType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriNetworkVerificationType | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase|esriTraceConfigurationMinimumStartingPoints | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geometry|IConstructClothoid2 | Interface
