---
title: New in 10.9.1 API 
description: >-
---

# New in 10.9.1 API

Package|Name|Type
--|--|--
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|esriInterpolateByDimMethod | Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IComputeChangeFunctionArguments3 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IEpipolarXform3 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IInterpolateRasterByDimensionFunctionArguments | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IMaxarBuilder | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IMultidimensionalDatasetEdit | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IPredictUsingRegressionFunctionArguments2  | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IRasterSensorXform2 | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|IRJPEGFunctionArguments | Interface
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|InterpolateRasterByDimensionFunction | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|InterpolateRasterByDimensionFunctionArguments | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|MaxarBuilder | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|PARMODBuilder | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|RJPEGFunction | Class
com.esri.arcgis.datasourcesraster|RJPEGFunctionArguments | Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| DENetworkDataset|Class		
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| DENetworkDatasetType|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| DirectionsAttributeMapping|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| DirectionsFieldMapping|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| DirectionsLandmarkSource|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| EdgeFeatureSource|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriDirectionsFieldMappingType|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkAttributeAdjustmentType|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkAttributeParameterUsageType|Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkAttributeUnits|Enumeration 	
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkAttributeUsageType|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkDatasetState|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkDatasetType|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkElevationModel|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkForwardStarBacktrack|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkJunctionConnectivityPolicy|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkRoadCategory|Enumeration 			
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkTimeUsage|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkTrafficSupport|Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkTravelModeUnitsDomainType|Enumeration 	
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriNetworkTurnAngleCategory|Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriRoadClass|Enumeration 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriSQLFunctionName|Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| esriTopologyParent|Enumeration
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| EvaluatedNetworkAttribute|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| FeatureNameFields*|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| GPNetworkDatasetMembership|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IAssociationObject3|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDatabaseView2|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDataElementType|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDEDatasetType|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDEGeoDataset|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDEGeoDatasetType|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDENetworkDataset|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDENetworkDatasetType|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDirectionsAttributeMapping|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDirectionsAttributeMappingDescriptor|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDirectionsFieldMapping|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDirectionsFieldMappingDescriptor|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDirectionsLandmarkSource|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IDynamicTrafficData|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IEdgeFeatureSource|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IEnumerationHierarchyRange|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IEnumerationNetworkElement|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IEvaluatedNetworkAttribute|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IFeatureNameFields*|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IGPControllerMembership|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IGPNetworkDatasetMembership|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IGxFilterInfo|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IHistoricalTrafficData|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IHistoricalTravelTimeEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IJunctionFeatureSource|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkAttribute|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkAttributeParameter|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkBuild|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkConstantEvaluator|Interface 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkDataset|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkDatasetName|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkDirections|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkEdge|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkElement64|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkEvaluatorSetup|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkFieldEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkForwardStar*|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkForwardStarAdjacencies|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkForwardStarSetup|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkFunctionEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkGlobalTurnDelayCategory|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkGlobalTurnDelayEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkJunction|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkQuery|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkScriptEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkSourceDirections*|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkTransitEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkTravelMode|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkTravelModeParameterValue|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkTravelModeType|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| INetworkTurn|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITimeAwareEvaluator|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopology|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopologyContainer|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopologyGraph|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopologyProperties|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopologyRuleContainer|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITopologyWorkspace|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITracer3|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITraceResults2|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITrafficData|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITrafficDataManager|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITrafficFeedDirectory|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITrafficFeedGPService|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITrafficFeedLocation|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITransitData|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| ITurnFeatureSource|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IUNResultType2|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| IUNTraceResults2|Interface
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| JunctionFeatureSource|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkAttributeParameter|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkConstantEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkDatasetName|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkDirections|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkEdgeTrafficEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkFieldEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkFunctionEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkGlobalTurnDelayCategory|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkGlobalTurnDelayEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkScriptEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkSourceDirections|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkTransitEvaluator|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkTravelMode|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkTravelModeParameterValue|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| NetworkTravelModeType|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TopologyRule|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TrafficData|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TrafficDataManager|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TrafficFeedDirectory|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TrafficFeedGPService|Class
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TransitData|Class 
com.esri.arcgis.geodatabase| TurnFeatureSource|Class
com.esri.arcgis.system | DatabaseUtilities | Class

**Note**: 
- **IFeatureNameFields** is equivalent to **IStreetNameFields** and **IStreetNameFields2** in ArcObjects SDK. 
- **FeatureNameFields** is equivalent to **StreetNameFields** in ArcObjects SDK.
- **INetworkForwardStar** implements the equivalent methods of both **INetworkForwardStar** and **INetworkForwardStarEx** in ArcObjects SDK.
- **INetworkSourceDirections** implements the equivalent methods of **INetworkSourceDirections**, **ISignposts**, and **IRoadSplits** in ArcObjects SDK.

If you migrate your ArcObjects SOE or SOI project that references the above ArcObjects interfaces or coclass, make sure you use their equivalent APIs in ArcGIS Enterprise SDK. See more details in [Migration Strategies](../migration-strategies-java/).